right after this at Tom Petersson I'll
be Jagger's and a Ricky blonde Ricky
signer I accept your challenge
next Saturday I'll beat you here I want
to have a shot at Mike Miller and I'm
gonna have a shot at him the week after
and I figured out what your guys problem
is Miller you got a face that only a
mother can lay out love and Steiner
egghead you got a body only Timmy
Timothy flowers could want you know
sittin mega Maharishi Ahmed tubby Rose
you know you come out here and you can
not be you say my life was filled with
infusion hello for 15 years everybody
that got drafted by Lyndon Baines
Johnson their life was filled with
confusion and just finally we've got we
can talk about it well I'll tell you
something that e 1st Cav airmobile
5th to the 7th and not one person ran
brother we stayed there we fought and
we're living our dream brother we came
back home we've been accepted and no fat
tub of can't say that on TV Bob nobody
like you was Kowski or you Rose can come
up here and take that away from me or
taken away from one of my brothers that
died or that spot with me so brother you
go to hell Bobby Jagger's definitely
pennant like it is
next week ladies and gentlemen we don't
know exactly was going to be happening
but it's going to be happening you be
here and if you can't be here in person
be sure to join us on channel 12 this is
Don Kaas thanks very much for joining us
from the Portland sports arena this has
been portland restaurant
this has been Portland wrestling the
very best end for